I think they lifted the age restriction! WOOT! Thanks YouTUbe!
I don't know how you picked these women but great job. You guys all have a good conversational rhythm going on. You are each very distinct yet compliment each other well. I randomly came across your Vaginal Fantasy discussion during your 3rd live one. I had to check out the previous two and I'm totally on board. I just got the Iron Duke so I can't wait to tune in for your fourth discussion!
Wow maybe I am slow but after re-watching all of The Guild on Geek &amp; Sundry I just noticed the picture of Codex and Fawkes in the background behind Felicia. As His Kilt Rises :-D
Oh, you mean like a good chunk of QI? *giggles* I watch that too. 
My fictional list: Johnny Storm, Michael Guerrin, Han Solo, Eric Northman, Peter Petrelli. Johnny Storm has ALWAYS been on my list, since I was like 6 or 7. He's so hot. All the guys are up there for looks and personality! Woot!
if i say that Navarre is on the list, is he still rutger hauer, frozen in time? 
YAY FOR LADYHAWK! 
What I mean is, it's much easier for all of you to be candid if the author isn't right there staring at you guys.
No, no authors for this show... just you ladies and your wine and your opinions. XD If you do authors, do that as a separate video... like a short "extra" on the side.
I know it's a book club but it would be really interesting (at least for me :P ) to see a Vaginal Fantasy: Videogames Edition (sorry no Bonnies :( ) 
'That was not nailing... it'.
I call them the Weekend,
Where do find a girl playing videogames Day9? She s like one in a million lol
Day9 is not worthy
Such a cute cupple. Since when are they together? 
Detech Hidden...generally finding shit/seeing people that could be stealthed...
ahh so this is the women that screwed ur back 
she so damn cute... i want one 
"Just one tough bone? I'm in" -Day [9]
A superior system of gaming that also has tens of thousands of other functions. Unfortunately your mom might not be able to afford one for you!
Pretty sure lonely men everywhere are shaving off their mutton chops.
I love how you will stop mid-sentence and say "ooo, sweet roll" every time you walk by one lol
whats with the sweet roll thing? :P 
I'm so amused that you have the Highland Sexstasy poster in the background... XD
Why like Markarth??? The Forsworn  dumb guards and thieves
No, nnnnNO! I shall grow a fine pair of chops and she shall like them. She'll brush them for me and good god I'm sounding like a stalker again...
You want a medal?
sweet roll explosion! and ppl wonder why felicia has her own side stuff and tink does not
Morrowind was the first game I ever played and I was 8.
The Proudspire Manor costs the same as Rosethorn Hall. I liked Rosethron hall. The bedroom was my favorite.
Everyone should do this. Kinda. thx for the support!
How adorable is Phil?! :D He didn't rain all over Felicia's puppy dog enthusiasm even once! Top man.
Wow.. today I learned Felicia Day has two more voices than I thought she did. 
I wonder if Noble Forge's website survived this video. 
I know you've had this vid out for awhile...but oh my gods are you amazing.
very entertaining!
You are SO WHITE in this video Felicia XD SO PAPERY WHITE AND ADORABLE
Check out The Meme songs by ShelbyDoesntKnow
Will you add captions? All those beautiful graphics and great topics, and not one word comes across to deaf viewers. Please add captions!
I'm a nerd. I wrote a rough draft so I wouldn't forget anything! There is a band called Penguin Prison?! I LOVE penguins! Okay. And I need to play the Mass Effect games. Gamer fail. My husband will be SO jealous you're a 100 in smithing. (Is it an ingot? Can I hold a hammer again? Can I say I'm an apprentice?) Gosh, I love how excited you get about stuff! Makes life so much more enjoyable! =) You. Are. Adorable. And kinda my hero. P.S. No naked photos please.O_O You have to tell ppl that?!
'That was not nailing... it'.
I call them the Weekend,
Where do find a girl playing videogames Day9? She s like one in a million lol
Day9 is not worthy
Such a cute cupple. Since when are they together? 
Detech Hidden...generally finding shit/seeing people that could be stealthed...
ahh so this is the women that screwed ur back 
she so damn cute... i want one 
"Just one tough bone? I'm in" -Day [9]
A superior system of gaming that also has tens of thousands of other functions. Unfortunately your mom might not be able to afford one for you!
Something else thats starts with M? And is preferably terran? Hows about a M-M-M-MUUUUUUULEEEEEEE!!!!!
 close ur eyes :) thank me later. <3
OMG I wish I was that good that's awesome! :D
zzzz 
lol I poused at the 5 min mark becouse i was loughing so hard i couldnt hear what he says
this is the only reason i find mondays fun
most dont bring it with their army, they rather have it with the terran/zerg army/base
Its the Destiny retard magnet show him your overlords and make him look like an idiot
mutalisks
bbbRIINNGGG bbRRRIINGGG!
POLICIAAA AHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA :D
i love how policia asked "and me?" like he was going to participate too, what a good sport.
Lol @ how accurate ur DBZ voice is <3
 My key fits in every hole. aww yeah! XD
 ... lol wut.
I LOVE YOU DAY NINE
cant make marines? better cheese with a pf
I like stratocasters too
 someone needs to make a .gif of that
<a class="watch-comment-atlink" href="/comment_search?username=theinsanecaptain">@TheInsaneCaptain</a> just you...
<a class="watch-comment-atlink" href="/comment_search?username=thatn00bgamer2">@ThatN00bGamer2</a> I watch it for the Plott.
ROFL, i cant believe I was on the daily, I am "TheBigEZ", that game was funny lol......
this has got to be the most hilarlious day 9 so far ! for like 10 mins it was on the edge but so funny ! Brillant once again !
Am I the only one that gets this sudden urge to play Starcraft II every time I watch Day9? His excitement is contagious. XD
Brony 3
Gee! Thanks, the whole reason I came to this video was for that part!
 i just lost all respect for day9...
thumbs up the 4 the walking dead referance. haha and the season fanaily.
You're so tough.
It was a diss on Broney (red)
Just watched this on huskies channel anyone else, just wanted to see both views on the game :D 
 Day9: "No stay cloaked!" Ghost: "You sure about that?"
i want to play a mono battle what is the map you use 
things prob started goin down hill when you nuked yourself lol
And this is why day 9 monobattles are now random
The 10 minutes Day 9 spent wasting time on nukes he could've maxed out on Ghosts, Bad -.-
You had/have to buy the collector version of starcraft, which costed 120-140€.
man I love monobattles. such a stress reducer after 1v1s lol
stalkers OP
only 33k views?? its day9 AND h to the usky husky!
'That was not nailing... it'.
I call them the Weekend,
Where do find a girl playing videogames Day9? She s like one in a million lol
Day9 is not worthy
Such a cute cupple. Since when are they together? 
Detech Hidden...generally finding shit/seeing people that could be stealthed...
ahh so this is the women that screwed ur back 
she so damn cute... i want one 
"Just one tough bone? I'm in" -Day [9]
A superior system of gaming that also has tens of thousands of other functions. Unfortunately your mom might not be able to afford one for you!
Hi. I'm Monica. NOOOOOOOOOO
Mr. 9 needs to go away. Mr 9 needs to sleep.
that's your counter to faggot? Dude, of course we are nerds. We watch someone talking about SC. Anybody got a problem with that? I don't think so...
nerd
Faggot.
do me a favor and go fuck yourself
if you don't like him don't watch his videos, its really that easy. 
"units, KILL US"
Manfred is the Pyro from Team Fortress 2 wearing the Head Warmer and Max's Severed Head.
125cm would be really fucking short.
Day9: Better than the majority of famous stand-up comedians.
Martha? Why wasn't her name Felicity???
he says the famous in Asia thing is because he has played for 10 years. and he emphasizes 10 years so i think that's why they laughed
If Jim Parsons quits the big bang theory i think day[9] should replace him
"I've played computer games for ten years" *everyone laughs* He's being serious! >_<
IF ONLY I COULD HEAR JACK SHIT
A jar of mayonnaise, a stopwatch, and a Bible. 
Day[9]-Often times not a girl.
i love day 9's stories
Damn Day9, you're good looking skinny. 
 nice fart.
Idra has no faith in Blizzard... i now consider Idra an ok guy again.
Full of joy, bro!
you mad bro?
he does. in fact he sounds exactly like Butthead from beavis and butthead. HUH-HUH-HUH .... HUH-HUH-HUH (over and over)
Too bad he's a sponsored pro and you're just some random guy on the internet.
no 
He looks really stoned.. 
GRACK! 
sometimes I wonder... Can Greg laugh? 
awkward moment when the top comments are telling me the start time is at  and  :o 
 Look at Day9 go red.. Poor guy desperately trying to avoid the obvious joke for the sake of his job xD
I'm wondering is that talbadar next to idras head @  ?
yeah! go zerg
It is the simple things that makes us nerds happy.
 ... i know im a starcraft 2 pro but... i gotta do my dailies yo
I find the commentators, dumb or unsympathetic i have stopped watchin this channel based on their initial performance
look at  lol there is IDRA:1vsHuk:1 WTF ??
lol see the guy around 21min 15sec playing wow 
DjCorn is crap :(
 game starts.
I understand why Blizzard went no LAN for SC2, but they should figure out a way to allow LAN play for tournament events.
they play with thier thumbs... there is no way sc2 would work on console unless it was Keyboard/mouse only.
AAAAAAAHHHHHH WHICH ONE IS IT  OR  !!!!!!!!!
this game needs to come out on console...
game start at  
 start of game 1
awesome 
lol jinro has social anxiety disorder lol
im sorry but tt1 is just bad. no micro on thos colosus, no blink micro for vikings, no forcefields when retreating. wtf
Lol way to backstab blue after he helped you with all his thors>_>
fastest map possible= longest game ever
why u no kill pylons!?
For Aiur!
you should hold shift and click on all the carriers with your phoneix,, then they will attack one after another and not fight the intercepters
did they die?
why didnt you go build more nexuses on dead bases, then you could have build bases everywhere, it would have taken him forever to destroy all your bases.
did you trow the match Husky?
So. Carriers = eZ mode. Note taken. 
only op in a modded game that pretty much buffed them. they suck normaly.
try a ladder game...
I like how he is trying to make fastest map seem like a cool map but in reality it's just a map for bronzies to derp around.
oh, you think silver is different than bronze? oh darling :/
I'm in silver, your argument is invalid :D:D it's pretty fun tho, I love macro games ^^.
lame
AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE AS YOU CAN SEE
how? with enough warp gates, they can warp in a huge number of units instantaneously (they arrive 10 sec after beginning production), whereas terran has to wait for the units to build (at least 25 sec). Zerg is the one that's cheated, because they have to build insane numbers of fairly expensive (compared to other production buildings) hatcheries in order to even have the possibility of macroing efficiently and competitively
does the video get progressively farther behind the audio for anyone else? Apparently FRAPS (or whatever he uses) records the audio in real time, and the video whenever it can. And with all the lag, that means that the video is recording slightly slower than the audio, leading to annoying synchronization problems...
Protoss are so cheated on fastest maps.............
holy shit stop laughing like a retard 
Jokes on you, i love this song
WE'RE NO STRANGERS TO LOOOVE!!!!
trollololol
maximum trolling
Man i was searching for this song all over internet, and now i have finally found it. Thank you sir!
omg.. animal like you should be killed for put that crap on youtube. i hope you die in pain :)
Omg if you want to rick roll people, I just knew this was fake so I´ma check anyways. But at least take 1 hr more time for photoshopping to make it look awesome and you might even get likes instead of dislikes. Seriously if you did an amazing job on the photoshopping people might actually like this, but my little nephew of age 4 does a better job in that than you did.
rolled once again 
hahahahaha
what a fuck ?
How the fuck would you level up a baneling in this game. 
i played as a overlord....i wasnt pleaased :'I
lol, i play as the automan2000 i was the legend of this game
is this a custom game
kill the strongest mob,respawn,enjoy c:
look at that quickscope
i lold
I'm calling bullshit. If he was actually that close to a baneling he'd be toast
StarCraft takes place in a single world, yet on many different planets. :) So actually yes, you can call it WORLD :)
What?
i only counted 19,999 if they had tht extra hydra it woulda changed everything.
wtf music is this fuckin terrible lol 
awesome video and awesome song, kinda reminds me of skinny puppy.
where?
Hydras? there are zerglings too :/
why not put a siege tank instead of a bunker? :P
this would've been cool except it wasn't also the music is the stupidest shit I've ever heard
download link :D?
thats to many hydras
300 gnomes would fuck u !
LoL @ at all the haters, if you want diablo 2 all over again then go play fucking diablo 2 and stop crying on the internet because this game turned out to be a little different than you expected. I for one am pumped as hell for this game and looking forward to it like a kid waiting for christmas !!
I agree 100%.
we all have our opinions, but diablo 3 is the only game that gives me problems graphics wise, have to drop some things to medium ;) 
Yea right Valve just Supports the other company's doing it through steam they dont need to do it because everyone is doing it for them
have fun with your low life :D
yay!!! christmas in may!
not really. I think they totally fucked up this game in every way including the retarted cartoony graphics. I would only play it to sell items for cash which is another stupid feature that ruins this game.
lol, doesn't everything these days i disagree though it looks like diablo 3 :)
i agree the game looks good enough to download it when it comes out
I just think the characters look lame. It doesn't matter if somethings 2d or 3d if the 2d thing looks cooler. lol.
Jokes on you, i love this song
WE'RE NO STRANGERS TO LOOOVE!!!!
trollololol
maximum trolling
Man i was searching for this song all over internet, and now i have finally found it. Thank you sir!
omg.. animal like you should be killed for put that crap on youtube. i hope you die in pain :)
Omg if you want to rick roll people, I just knew this was fake so I´ma check anyways. But at least take 1 hr more time for photoshopping to make it look awesome and you might even get likes instead of dislikes. Seriously if you did an amazing job on the photoshopping people might actually like this, but my little nephew of age 4 does a better job in that than you did.
rolled once again 
hahahahaha
what a fuck ?
How the fuck would you level up a baneling in this game. 
i played as a overlord....i wasnt pleaased :'I
lol, i play as the automan2000 i was the legend of this game
is this a custom game
kill the strongest mob,respawn,enjoy c:
look at that quickscope
i lold
I'm calling bullshit. If he was actually that close to a baneling he'd be toast
StarCraft takes place in a single world, yet on many different planets. :) So actually yes, you can call it WORLD :)
What?
 Actual terran gameplay
Marines: Oh dear god it's 2 banelings! Quick, get in the black hole!
It's called Unit test map
if you dont like 360 use 480 xD
Dudesons! 
360p we meet again..... -_-
ahahahahahahahaha!!!! i laughed so fuckin hard with this music going on in the background... its was like watching some1 build a bomb .....ina black hole lol 
<:O
What is this map?
not that I mind marines, but if you're a terran that gets A moved by fifty stalkers you might want to consider building at least on marauder
